  At the time of writing this I have started learning and practicing Typescript for 5 days. And as an almost complete beginner, I have to say that Typescript is a fun coding language. I think this opinion stems from the fact that, like all UH Manoa Computer Science students, I started learning how to code in Java. Of course starting with Java is good in the sense that it has a lot of rules, meaning that it makes you a better programmer by giving you less room for mistakes. On the flip side of that though, those rules can be suffocating and hard to get through when I’m in a time crunch and I have so far found Typescript to be a much freer language.
  
  But that is just comparing it to Java. I’ve also had classes where I’ve had to work exclusively in Python and C/C++, and if I had to hold Typescript up to it I’d say it’s just another language. If you look at it from a Software Engineering perspective, Typescript does have a lot of pros. It has a static type system which makes it easier to refactor large codebases as the compiler can make sure the changes are propagated safely, static typing also helps find type related errors in compile time rather than runtime making it reliable, and it also provides type inference making the development more efficient. But Typescript does make Javascript less flexible. But this is again more things that I know about Typescript and not what I have experienced from using it before, as I continue doing my assignments and creating projects in this language, I am sure that my opinion will change.
  
	Now onto something not as fun despite using Typescript is WODs. So far I’ve only experienced the practice ones and in all actuality I have found them to not be the most challenging problems I have encountered. The problem is that I have a tendency to stress, not helped by the fact that my professor told me this IS supposed to make you stressed. It’s like how I’m bad at tests. Once the timer turns on, problems I solve in less time for homework seem to take me ages, but in that sense these WODs are probably one of the best ways for me to improve. By being intentionally put under pressure, I am pushed out of my comfort zone and forced to put work towards turning my weakness into a strength every week.
 
	To conclude, I can say that the skills I am learning this year will help me become a more well rounded and efficient programmer. I’ll not only have another programming language to utilize, but also through WODs, be able to handle more high pressure situations.
